End to end pb create incidents (#17209)
demisto/content: Packs/DeveloperTools/ReleaseNotes/1_2_13.md

#### Integrations
##### New: Create Test Incidents

> - CreateIncidents fetches incident created manually. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.1.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CreateIncidents fetches custom incidents that are created manually. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.1.0).
```
